While there is a lot of work
to be done on a local level,
there is an unprecedented global effort
to provide spiritual food
to all of God’s people.
Under the direction
of the Teaching Committee
of the Governing Body,
the Audio/Video Services Department,
or AVS,
takes the lead in producing
audio and video publications.
It’s been said that if a picture
is worth a thousand words,
then a video is worth a million!
Videos stir our emotions, don’t they?
And they can be
very powerful teaching tools.
Brother Russell recognized this fact.
Back in 1914,
the small group of Bible Students
presented the “Photo-Drama of Creation”
to over nine million people worldwide,
and the response was overwhelming.
It was clear that Jehovah
blessed their efforts
at spreading the Bible’s message
in a visual way.
Well, over a hundred years later,
“the faithful and discreet slave”
is producing videos.
And for many years, basically,
one large public-release video
was being released,
or produced, each year.
For example, back in 2011,
the video Faith in Action, Part 2
was released.
And it required a tremendous effort
to produce the video master,
the audio tracks, the graphics,
the music, the on-screen text
for one video.
However, just five years later,
the work has grown from producing
an average of one video per year
to one video per day.
This is because videos are now
a regular part of our website,
the broadcasts,
our ministry, the conventions,
meetings, and other special events.
In 2016,
more than 350 videos were produced.
Under the direction
of the Teaching Committee,
Audio/Video Services (AVS)
has been entrusted with this work.
But with this rapid increase
in the amount of videos produced,
how is all this accomplished?
Perhaps you’ve heard the expression
“it takes a village.”
In this case,
it takes an entire globe.
Please enjoy the following video
for a close-up look
at how audio and video work
is accomplished worldwide.
To assist with the growing workload
in Audio/Video Services,
the Governing Body has approved
11 full-time Regional Video Teams (RVT)
in branches around the world.
But it doesn’t stop there.
Bethelites, commuters,
and remote workers in many other branches
also provide valuable assistance.
How do we work with all these teams?
After receiving direction
from the Governing Body committees
for upcoming videos,
AVS then assigns
each video to a capable team.
Once the team accepts the assignment,
we provide them
with the necessary direction
as well as answer
any questions they may have.
Then the team goes to work.
Because of being a small group,
each team member may have to wear
multiple hats to get the job done.
From start to finish,
they all work very hard
to deliver a completed, edited video
to us by the designated time.
Later, you may see these videos
on JW Broadcasting,
jw.org, or other places.
Would you like to meet
some of our RVT family?
It’s a privilege.
We meet friends who have suffered
some hardships and trials,
but because of their trust in Jehovah,
they were able to overcome them,
and we see the results of their loyalty.
I think it strengthens our determination
to also stay loyal.
We are a joyful team
with a lot of humor,
and we work together very harmoniously.
You could say that we
are like a little family.
We look forward to the next day
when we go to work again.
It’s unbelievable how many dear brothers
and sisters we’ve gotten to know
through these projects.
Close ties can develop,
and it is not uncommon
that tears flow when the project is over
and it is time to say good-bye.
Sometimes we would film
on private or state property,
and I would have to approach the manager
and let them know
what we were planning to shoot
at the location.
This wasn’t easy for me
because I’m not very good with words.
And many people in Korea tend to have
a biased view of Jehovah’s Witnesses,
so this made it even harder for me.
So I prayed to Jehovah,
asking for his guidance and wisdom.
I was surprised to find that many
were more than willing to help us.
These experiences help me to realize
that Jehovah always answers
our prayers for strength and courage.
You have to balance your time around work,
around being the head of a family,
being an elder,
or other responsibilities
that you have in the congregation.
That’s when you really see Jehovah’s hand
—when you see the mountain of challenge,
but you overcome it.
And you know it wasn’t you.
It was impossible for you to do it yourself.
When I put even half
the amount of energy and effort
that I do into working for Jehovah
into something secular,
I’m wiped out; I need a vacation.
But the more
I put into working for Jehovah,
the more I want to work.
To know that you
are offering your skills to Jehovah
—that is a blessing.
But, really, the blessing is seeing
your relationship with Jehovah
thrive and become stronger,
and you can see
that he does keep his promises
and that he supports you
more than you’re supporting him.
Many of us aren’t able
to be full-time Bethelites,
but commuting really helps us
get that small snippet of what it’s like
to be a Bethelite
and realize what a privilege it is.
And if you’ve got a specific talent, use it.
One day in Paradise,
someone is going to come to you
and say,
“How did you use your talent?”
Maybe you’re a brilliant artist,
and you’re going
to proudly turn around and say:
“You know what?
I used it for Jehovah.”
Even if you’re young,
you can learn skills
and you can really assist
Jehovah’s organization
now and in the future.
And there is no better boss
to work for than Jehovah.
My advice to young ones: Go for it!
And during this past year,
we were excited to add
a new team to our AVS family
—located in Mira Loma, California.
All in this group
have made themselves available
for video needs out there.
You’re able to take a person—
You’re able to take an individual
that has dedicated their life to Jehovah,
and maybe they
didn’t know at the time
that they were going
to inspire somebody else
and have somebody
somewhere across the planet say:
“Wow! That’s exactly my life too.
“I’m so glad that this person
“was selected to be on here
because that’s my life.
And that has triggered me
to want to do more for Jehovah.”
You know it’s Jehovah’s holy spirit;
he’s putting together a team;
he’s the Great Producer.
And what he really wants
is he wants people who have the talent,
but he wants people
who have the holy spirit more
and are willing to work for it.
But he gives you the ability,
like Oholiab and Bezalel,
to be able to put your talents
that you’ve learned to work for him.
As you can see,
we’re part of a beautiful,
hardworking global team.
With so many hands helping the load
in so many time zones,
we’re literally working on videos 24/7.
It’s a great privilege
to work alongside our extended family.
We learn from each other.
Their willing spirit, humble attitude,
and contagious joy
inspire all of us here in AVS.
Additionally, we receive
incredible support right at home too.
Virtually every department at Bethel
supports the audio/video work in some way,
and we are very, very thankful.
With everyone’s help,
the Bible’s message is being spread visually
throughout the earth
at unprecedented levels.
But how is any of this possible?
Brother Russell said it best:
‘This is not man’s work. It’s God’s.’
Jehovah is certainly at the helm.
As he foretold at Haggai 2:7:
“I will shake all the nations,
“and the precious things
of all the nations will come in;
and I will fill this house with glory.”
There is certainly
a great shaking taking place
worldwide.
And many of these precious ones
are offering themselves willingly
to help Audio/Video Services
accomplish this great work,
thanks to Jehovah God,
our Grand and Visual Instructor.